Hey, welcome back. I'm Warren Claf. This
is the game of money sponsored by Pitch
Anything. I've got here a colleague of
mine, an investor, a friend, Daniel
Nani. Daniel, welcome to the show. Yeah,
game money. What is your day job?
>> Uh, right now we're building out a
healthcare consulting. So, it's really
uh three things. We're doing the
healthcare consulting company. We have a
podcast that goes along with that. And
then simultaneously, I'm actually in the
process of looking to buy a business as
well.
>> Awesome. So, you're out looking for a
business. Uh, you've made some
investments. You invested in our
company, OK Stone Engineering. Uh, so
that's exciting to have you in on that.
We're working really hard to get your,
uh, have your investment do its work.
Working on a IPO path and, uh, I mean,
we could talk about that the whole time.
You know, when I talked to you
originally about that, we have this
investment thesis. We make uh, you know,
obviously uh, these quartz slabs
manufactured for the US. But since that
happened, the key competitor to US
courts labs is India. And so they make
the stuff on India, they ship it over
here, but there's now 50% tariffs on
India. It's amazing. Uh so imagine, you
know, all you guys out there, you have a
product and whatever it is. And now
everybody who competes against you, they
their price their their raw prices are
50% higher. How fun that that would be.
So we're getting like we're bidding the
Four Seasons. We're bidding Marriott as
a very young company. getting these
accounts we wouldn't plan to get you
know for a couple years but they're like
help so that company's really excited
you also and I met you because you
invested in a TV show correct tell us
about that how did you meet the TV show
how did you as an investor go I want to
invest in entertainment one of the
riskiest asset so like you invest in
entertainment you're like woo I'm going
to invest in ma us domestic
manufacturing in Dallas Texas I'm going
to take it easy and do the simple stuff
>> yeah no I mean um just got connected
from uh my my business partner actually.
So you hear the uh people who are pre
basically putting the show together,
they're looking for investors.
>> For me, I like um the mentality when
they talk about diversified portfolio.
It's for me, it's not so much of stocks
and bonds, whatnot. I just like
different industries. I feel it's
>> it's actually exciting and you learn and
this is where even our podcast was
predicated on you learn from other
industries. So I can learn what is going
on in the title business from somebody
who has a history in venture capital
that I would never learn if I just kept
myself into healthcare. So for me I love
different assets. It's also a little
protective right like you said maybe one
industry comes down you still have the
other one going. Um so that that was
really you know what got me enticed.
Obviously it has to make sense
business-wise too right? It's not just
hey invest in something that's crap um
with no track record. It's doing some
due diligence looking at the numbers.
It's like anything else a risk. Um, but
you know, you got to trust in I think
the biggest thing is trusting the people
who are doing the work behind the scenes
to actually get the product out to make
it work. And I for me that's why I think
my biggest thing. I'm very easily
influenced. I know that for sure. Yeah.
I can definitely have a good if I just
trust the person and I I know that's
really the biggest thing for me is the
person. The product has to make sense,
but the person behind the product for me
is usually the biggest driver that if I
see it in them, I'm usually going to
lean in towards doing that investment.
What you're saying is I Daniel have the
Silicon Valley standard which is bet on
the horse.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. Bet on the bet on the
entrepreneur, bet on the person doing
the execution. Uh give them the ability
to go execute on their vision and
they're going to find a way to get it
done. That's how all of Silicon Valley
works. You ever see the you know when
movies come out like big movies uh you
know there'll be like a very specific
movie on like ants the remember ants
came out and then what was the other
movie? Um
>> Bug Life.
>> Bug Life. Two animated movies on ants
came out within like two weeks of each
other. So these things come in uh in
waves. And the same thing in Silicon
Valley, like when you see Open AI,
you're like, "Oh my god, these guys are
incredible." Or Chad GBT, but there are
like 17 companies running down that same
channel and then the the people who
execute the best um you know, are the
ones that win. So it's not ideas are a
dime a dozen. It's who's going to get it
done.
>> Yeah. I don't look for something where
somebody in 10 years we might it's all
right. What are you doing now though? So
you have to have the vision, but then
>> what's the groundwork that you're doing
in the present to make that a reality?
When you invest, how long do you want to
get in and get out in terms of your
timeline?
>> I think it depends on what I'm investing
with. So, if I'm investing with my own
capital, I'm going to usually want
something a little bit on the shorter
end, maybe two year, two to three years.
But then if I'm investing with
>> self-directed account where I can't
really, you know, take it out right now
and utilize it, I'll give it a longer
runway of maybe five years. I'm not a
seven years is kind of stretching it.
Five years is kind of a sweet spot.
>> Yeah. Look, you and I are so old in
seven years. That's You never know.
>> We could just be drooling drooling in a
bowl of oatmeal.
>> I look young, but I'm not as young as my
face says. So,
>> uh, so, um, the mo the the entertainment
series 60-day hustle. Yes.
>> Is the one you invested in. Really cool
show. Uh, Chris Heymon, the
entrepreneur. Very, uh, excellent
entertainment industry execution. Um,
what did you like about the concept or
was it the only the only Hollywood movie
property you had access to?
>> That's the first one I've invested in.
Um,
>> but did you were you able to look at
other ones or is this like the only one
you were in communication?
>> The only one I was really looking at.
Um, what I really liked about it, the
concept is different. That that's number
one. Um, from being able to go from
beginning to end in 60 days, right? So,
it's 60day hustle. But what I really
liked about it outside of just the
concept is what it the kind of message
it can give to other people watching it.
the sense of, oh, what do I have to do
to start a business? And that, you know,
you look at um
>> Shark Tank.
>> Yeah, Shark Tank and shows like that and
it really shows a long runway to get
your business up and running, which I
think for most people could be very
daunting versus a 60-day hustle. It's,
okay, I can maybe actually do something
really quick if I just put the pedal to
the metal, put my head down, grind it
away for two or three months, I can
actually get a legit business going. So,
that's the concept that really kind of
pulled me to it was it was different.
Number one, different generation, too.
there's obviously younger gen Gen Z
which they get, you know, obviously
destroyed a lot on social media in terms
of their work habits. So that kind of
gravitated because then it shows them,
all right, we can actually put our heads
down and get to work and build a
business. So that's what really kind of
pulled me into it.
>> Yeah, I'm fascinated. I So I was on
season 2 finale of the show. Uh did you
go to the studio?
>> I've been to the studio. Yes.
>> Yeah. Amazing. So I went there and those
guys are prof we run our own studio
here. Uh, and they actually helped set
up the studio and interesting. Uh, so
Sonic Gods or the producer of 6day
Hustle, which you invested in, came
here, uh, to this studio to help set it
up. And they said, Orin, we we figured
out the solution to your studio. I go,
great. What do we need to buy? And they
go, you know, what other equipment do we
need? And they go, the solution to
making this studio perfect is you stop
buying stuff. You have you start
throwing stuff out. You have too much
stuff to run a studio of this size. You
don't need anything else. Stop buying
stuff and just get the stuff you have to
work. So, I learned a lot.
>> Simplicity works.
>> Yeah, simplicity works. You know, it it
is the storyline.
It is the getting your talent from being
on set, getting your talent to show up
and do the talent work. Uh so, you need
like a talent supervisor.
>> Yeah.
Uh it is the the camera people, you
know, making sure they're on shot and it
it's just a big production.
>> It's not easy. Yeah. I actually not that
I I did I did nothing behind the scenes,
but just seeing the show and talking
like you said you you talked to insiders
and you kind of just what you described
and you don't really get to appreciate
when you're watching something that you
don't know about of how much work
actually goes into it versus it's just
very easy to sit on the couch and say
well yeah that sucked or that transition
wasn't any good. It's do you understand
how much work goes into that? And that's
definitely gave me an appreciation for
the the amount of coordination I think
is the best way to put it is like you
said, you have all these different
people and they all have to work
together to give you the end product.
>> Yeah. And it's it's a show, right? So
they have to produce it. So it's
unscripted
reality. Yes. Is scripted. So they have
to provide entertainment. So yes, the
contestants are the contestants, the
ideas are the ideas, the competition is
the competition, but they also have to
juice it for you because they, you know,
they need to make money. They need
people to advertise. The show needs to
get a season two. They know what they're
doing. And that that to me is what
impressed me about the guys you invested
in. They know how to get an
entertainment product out, not create,
>> you know, 2,000 hours of tape, do it in
cutting. And that that's when you see a
great movie is like, hey, did they build
this movie or did they build this show
in cutting or did they do it in, you
know, or in shooting?
>> Yeah, that's that's a good point. That's
and that's something, you know, tend to
not think about because then there's
that aspect that you said you have to
the entertainment, right? It's not just,
hey, let's show some entrepreneurs
building a business. It's how do you
make that interesting across the board
and yeah bringing in different
personalities, different stories, how to
drum up, hey, I like this person or this
person maybe rubs me the wrong way but
that actually makes me interested. So
there is a a lot of psychology that goes
into it as well that you really just
don't think about.
>> Would you invest in entertainment again?
>> That's a good question. I would say I
would definitely think about it. I'm
still obviously at the point where
returns are still coming in. And so I
think it's a matter of seeing all right
what's the end product look like and get
a full
>> full return on investment so to speak to
see all right was this worth it did it
make sense what are some of the
challenges for me I like to go through
the process to see what could I even
learn from to make my next investment
better so if it went well how could I
have made it even that much better or if
it you know like some investments don't
go so well what didn't I do what kind of
questions didn't I ask I think I would
like to see the full process from start
to finish and then say all right what
makes the most sense for me
>> so you I find you're very introspective
and these investments are ways for you
to
uh access interpret participate with the
world. Yeah. You know, some people are
doing a trip to Africa, other people are
joining courses, some people are going I
mean, if you take four of your employees
to a Tony Robbins business mastery
event, that's 150 $225,000, you know,
for the week between the fees, the
lodging, the entertainment, uh the the
um actually tuition or whatever it is to
business mastery, which I've spoken at.
And so in many ways uh and this is a
very I think unique view that you have.
I I have a lot of people the same view,
but most people think about investing
like how much money can I make by
writing this check, right? And so should
I go into index fund? Should I go into
REIT? What, you know, should I go into
Tesla? What public market? What liquid
liquid asset? But a lot of my investors,
you know, at the, you know, especially
guys at 75, $150,000, $100,000 level,
come back to me and they go, Orin, I
don't care if I lose, I know this isn't
you, but some, you know, really
well-healed guys are like, I don't care
if I lose the $100,000 at this point.
I've gotten so much out of learning how
you approach putting this money to work,
how you've built the company, how you
target going to IPO, what the strategy
is, the whole community, the people I've
met, like this experience of
understanding this kind of uh asset,
doing private equity in this way has
opened up a new area and I got a ton of
value. Now I hope the money comes back
and has got some friends with it. But
this has been a great experience and I
think you have that really interesting
perspective which is this investment.
It's not, you know, $1.5 million. It's
not my whole nest egg. It is um the the
job of this is I meet new people. I'm on
a podcast. I get to experience
uh the world in a way I wouldn't have
being, you know, passive focused in my
my business.
>> Yeah, for sure. I mean like you said
nobody goes into something saying I hope
I lose but I get to learn right
obviously you know going for a positive
return but yeah there's definitely what
can you get out of it that's much bigger
it's going to sustain you long term I
think there's I mean we're living in a
time period where you can make money
it's easiest to ever make money
basically for for anybody so that's not
you can lose it for me it's definitely a
matter of a if I lost all of it will we
be okay like will nothing change in my
life and that's how I definitely can
gauge my investments but yeah to your
point uh even in something like real
estate. My that's one of my criteria is
you have to educate me along the way. I
mean I'm well more versed in real estate
at this point but when I'm first
starting out like I want to learn what
you guys are doing because yeah I'm
passive so to speak at that point but I
still want to know are you making the
right decisions and then when I go to
the next investment how do I gauge what
they're doing is the right way to make
sure that I'm I'm being smart with my
money my money. So that's for yeah I
think that for me is there's a curiosity
aspect of just wanting to learn but then
to your point too about building
connections and I think you know when it
comes to connections too it's not a
matter of just obviously helping
yourself you also give the ability now
to help other people because then if
somebody says to me I'd like to invest
in real estate or I want to invest in
you know a company do okay now I
actually have some ways to leverage them
versus before just hey everything's
passive sorry I got nothing for you.
>> Yes I agree with that. I I think the
other thing is if you haven't invested
$100,000 $50,000 and then you haven't
invested $100,000 then you really are
not capable of investing $250,000. And
so there are people who've never
invested the whole way along and then
they come into, you know, either their
retirement account or they have a
million. There's the first time they're
ever writing a check at the million-doll
level and you don't have the experience.
Yeah. I'll give you the example on the
other side is raising money. I meet
people who've grown a company, the
company's doing $30 million. Uh, you
know, might have eight $10 million of
IBIDA. Uh, they want to raise some money
or sell the company, but they've done
they've never done any capital markets
transactions before. They just don't
know how it works at the minimum.
Meanwhile, you got 18-year-olds from Y
Combinator who by the time they're 21
have done four rounds of capital and
they understand like a safe, a 506c, you
know, having a portal, a cap table,
having a board of directors, board
meetings, you know, uh the the the
capital markets presentations and you
know, an exit strategy, you know, a
proforma, uh part-time, uh you know,
CFO, governance, uh financial modeling,
tax audit. They understand all that
stuff at 21. And here I got a guy at 50
who's never touched any of those topics
before. Yeah. So you you you shouldn't
expect that you're somehow going to
invest a million bucks out there without
have written a 25, 50, 100,000, you
know, within 200. It it's like any
boxing. You're not going to box Buster
Douglas or Mike Tyson or whoever's
current, you know, coming out of the
gate. You gota you got
>> you got to work your way up.
>> Yeah. And then, you know, there's that
aspect too even outside the guy who has
a a stockpile of cash that says, "Okay,
I'm ready now." Um, for somebody who's
even younger, I think it's a good way
to, if you ever want to get into
business yourself, now you can also see,
all right, if I want to raise money,
what would I want to do differently than
maybe that guy had for me to do? Like,
I've invested in business or two that
I'm like looking back, I'm like, all
right, maybe I would have structured
this deal ad a little bit differently
like percentages would have been a
little bit differently. So, now that I'm
in that process of thinking at some
point maybe I might, you know, maybe
need some capital, at least I have an
idea. All right, how would I structure
this out to make sense make better sense
for the person who's going to invest
their money with me? a million percent I
think uh for all the desktop investment
jockeyies to know but to not yet have
done is to not yet know and uh the other
interesting thing I find is I don't know
if you know any like stock traders or
people sort of buy and sell commodities
or anybody on that side of the table I
find like they don't know anything about
companies like you're investing onto the
motherboard into the DNA of the economy
of a company of exe execution of, you
know, into the core operation. The guys
who are buying, selling stocks, they're
buying and selling off of charts.
>> Yes.
>> They don't know anything about the
company, right? They're going, "Oh, you
know, so Tesla is going up through a
breakthrough. It hit a six week high.
I'm selling into the dip. You know, I'm
going to reby. I'm going to collar it.
It's they're just looking at a chart.
They they're not learning anything about
companies."
>> Yeah. No. I mean, I have I have I
actually have a friend who he did that.
Yeah. He he does very well. He's like, I
don't even know anything about what I'm
investing in. But to your point, it's
just technical analysis and you know, so
you're not really understanding how is
this, you know, what is this company
really all about? It's just very short
term versus the kind of investing where
you're in it. You're in it for the long
haul, right? So there's a definitely a
diff different appreciation and a
different mentality you need to have. So
to your point about how long do you want
to hold an investment for? If you're I
want to just be in and out in a week or
two, well then this is not really for
you. You got to start thinking what's
really long-term and sustainable for me
and how do I invest in something that's
going to maybe grow into something that
can help me significantly more in the
long run.
>> Yeah. Uh and then for me there's a
certain certain pride of picking a
project, picking it right, putting money
in it, seeing it grow, being able to
talk about that. Uh I I think it's just
like in our DNA as humans is wanting to
see this something grow.
>> Yes.
>> Right. versus uh I mean I some people
are just purely money focused as much as
like this this podcast is called the
game of money. I wrote a book called
pitch anything with every chapter is
about raising money. My wife's families
everything all of is talk about like how
something how much something is right.
It's like it is but for me I actually
don't care about money. If you give me
money I will just spend it right or do
something with it. I don't love the
money. I might even hate the money. It
is the the the Rubik's cube really. And
we we went to a camp with Asher two
weeks ago with Sam and uh have you you
we got to get you over to Warrior,
right? That's that's something we have
to do because you were on the Stone 300,
correct? With Sam. Yeah. Uh I remember
we got to get you over to Warrior with
Sam. But we were at a thing with the
kids uh called Syndicates. Sam does. And
they had some of the kids there.
Jeremiah um was a big investor in OK
Stone. You know Jeremiah? I think I met
him once.
>> He's a fabricator. And his kids do these
Rubik's cubes
and you can mix it up. And the older boy
does it in 17 seconds,
right? And he's like, "But put it down.
Done. 17 seconds." And then he starts
apologizing. Oh, sorry guys. You know, I
really messed up.
>> Embarrassing. Yeah.
>> I'm like 17 seconds. It takes me like 17
days to get one side.
>> Yeah. Uh, and obviously there's
algorithms, but there is some, you know,
I did it when I was in high school. And
then the younger boy, uh, can't do it as
fast, right? But he can do it and it
takes him like 23 seconds, right? And
you're like,
but for me, I love the Rubik's Cube of
solving these
uh, business,
you know, getting the business to the
next stage. It's getting the blue side
and the red side and then the yellow
side. Some of it's money, some of it's
execution, some of its timing, some of
it's luck, a lot of its people. And
those are all the little movements you
make. And you fill out a side of the
business and like, oh, okay, it has a
product to market fit. You know, now I
got to work on uh finance, right? Okay,
finance. The other side of the business
is governance. Now it has a financial
model, governance, and a CFO. All right,
I've got three sides, you know, and
you're just solving this Rubik's cube.
And that is for a lot of people uh
business building is really interesting.
>> Yeah.
>> And I give you my example of that. Like
people I work with that go on boards
whatever a lot of them made all the
money they need to live on 20 years ago.
>> What are they supposed to do? Like you
know uh sit on the couch and eat Doritos
and watch you know billiards on ESPN 3.
>> And the thing that they gravitate to is
company building. It's the most
I think complex thing we do in our
society because it involves people.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. I I have a friend of mine in real
estate, Dan. I call him in the morning.
I go, "Hey, how's it going?" He goes,
>> "People
and you know, if it wasn't for people,
wouldn't have any problems, but wouldn't
have any opportunity either." So, uh, is
that how you think about it, too? like
I'm solving these Rubik's cubes and
that's intellectually, you know,
interesting to see how these problems
get solved.
>> Yeah. I I really um I love like said I
love putting the pieces together because
it is yeah, it's it's challenging. And
to your point about we're oriented as
people to want to grow and build and you
know you do see some people that they're
happy being stagnant and you know
whatever whatever floats their boat I
guess but you try to kind of envision
yourself you know see things a little
bit ahead of time and kind of how am I
going to put this all together and then
to your point I think it's more about
and you mentioned the word it's not so
much hey this a problem other people
look at it as either you know
opportunities right I think it's what
kind of opportunity do I to have here
not just for myself but for the people
that I'm I'm working with and how to
bring value to people. So it is very um
it is exciting. I mean when you it's
exciting obviously not when you're
getting your ass handed to you and
you're setbacks and failures but again
there's either you stay in that failure
and stay in the lack of execution or you
see all right how do we learn from this
and make it better and improve upon it.
Um, and I think if you're just a human
being who's really vested in growth and
development, I think building a company,
you kind of gravitate towards that,
right? It's like, what can I do to
actually start building and putting the
puzzle pieces together?
>> It's the most extreme
situation you can put yourself in other
than war.
>> Yeah.
>> All right. Because it it involves the
stakes are high.
>> Correct.
>> The consequences are high. It involves
people. It involves strategy.
uh there it it is constantly changing.
There's competition like there's no
other front lines of human experience.
You can do CrossFit, you can try and get
in the NFL, you can do sports, you know,
but but I think about that is much more
uh like it's focus, dedication,
commitment.
>> Like we just had a um an Air Force
veteran on on our podcast, but he's a
financial planner now. And he he said
made the exact same analogy. He's like
business is the closest thing to a war
you're going to get
>> just you know for that same thing and
he's like you know people you're
struggling but then people think you're
doing well you know there's this
illusion that you're crushing it or
financially so sound and then you're
you're just struggling to pay yourself
maybe you're taking care of the people
taking care of your you know customers
or patients or employees but then maybe
you're struggling and entrepreneurs have
the high you know some of the highest
rates of you know depression sleep
issues relationship problems suicide
that we don't really see that side of
it, you know, and you go on social
media, it's a lot of sexy, hey, just
start your own business and or buy a
business and it's the easiest thing you
can do and you just make a lot of money.
It's there's a lot that goes into it.
And to your point, the biggest challenge
that people have is not even just the
the financial management, which I always
find it interesting when people get into
business and they have no concept of
numbers and appreciation for it, but
it's the people. That's the biggest
thing that they lose sight of that.
You're getting into a people business.
So, if you're not good at people,
probably don't get into the business.
And I know that was a big challenge for
me way back in the day when I was just
younger. I wasn't a people person at
all. But then I was started to manage
them and I had some issues and you
quickly learn. That's the thing, right?
If you either take some responsibility
for yourself and you understand that I'm
in kind of am in charge of these people
in the sense of not directing them, but
guiding them and helping them grow and
develop just like I'm looking to grow
and develop. And that is definitely a
large part of the business that a lot of
people just they don't really think of
until they're kind of in it and they're
having some struggles that aren't really
resolving themselves. For one thing I
can tell you for sure for having dealt
with so many businesses is from the
outside you know people look at a
business and really the business or the
entrepreneur the CEO projects revenue.
>> Yes.
>> Right. But this is going to shock you
after revenue comes expenses. Right. And
uh you don't everybody talks about their
revenue
>> and the the couple of you know factors
of success. I mean, it's amazing how
much I don't want to get too much on
this subject. It's a little bit
negative. Uh, but the sense like, hey,
you got a company with more than $10
million of revenue, more than $30
million revenue, you know, more than $50
million of revenue. By the way, those
are $50 million of revenue is a submicro
minuscule,
you know, uh, Horton, here's a who
subatomic levelsiz company, right? So in
you you move up to like real companies
that go public, you're you're talking a
$250 million company is a micro cap. Uh
you know, sort of short of 300 $400
million of revenue. Like why do you even
exist? Just give up and kill yourself,
right? Like stop trying. So $30 million
of revenue uh it is a is a really a 20
to $50 million of revenue is one of the
worst places in the world to live
because you're not you you still got
significant expenses to run that
operating company. You've got lots of
competition. You don't have really any
pricing power, size power, market power,
competitive power. uh and and you wake
up every day and somebody can just come
in and eat your lunch in in most $50
million businesses. And and so if you
think about it, when you look at that
person, you see, oh, they're driving,
you know, a nice car, living in a nice
neighborhood, you know, dressed nicely,
have a $50 million business. Check out
the competitive set. Check out the
expenses. Check out the uh, you know,
the threat from large and small.
Silicon Valley and big tech just is like
they are just this this machine that
just and just comes and eats entire
industries, entire businesses. They're
constantly looking for a way to get rid
of you, right? And if they find a a even
a good idea to get rid of you,
uh, they can get, you know, $100 million
to go make that happen, you know, and
here you are in a $50 million company
with $40 million in expenses, uh, you
know, $10 million in income, uh, some
debt to pay, $2 million in taxes, and
got a million, you know, or $800,000
left over. If you take any of that, that
$800,000 turns into $400,000, right? I
got salespeople in some of our
companies, you know, selling uh, you
know, tiles who make $400,000. So, here
you are running a $50 million company,
100% running at risk from big tech,
small tech, competitors, India, China,
people coming at you from every
direction to make $400,000 a year.
Incredibly
stressful.
>> Yeah. Well, I mean, you know, and I work
with a lot of healthcare, you know,
providers, doctors, and, you know, you
just tell somebody I'm a doctor, it's
like, oh, you must be making the big
bucks. I'm driving a sedan like a Toyota
from 20, you know, 2020. And it it's
just the expectations I think that
people have of a getting into business.
To your point, it's hey, I'm going to
make this much money, but then they
don't factor in, all right, what about
everything else after that? How much am
I actually taking? I'm making less than
what I was when I was just a regular
employee. But then the expectations of
people in society are just, hey, you're
at the big, you know, you're big time
now, so you must be rolling in it. And
then again it's like I'm struggling to
just pay myself or you know the
employees may be doing better than me.
So there you know it's going into it
being prepared uh really have an
understanding. It's not the glamorous
life that a lot you know some people
make it out to be. It has that ability
but it's I mean look how many people
start and fail versus start and succeed.
It's a stark you know stark difference
for sure.
>> And I think we have uh so you're in the
you're in the medical field medical
consulting. Uh I think we do and I've
been talking about this a lot lately. We
have to reframe failure.
>> Yes.
>> Because I've talked about the surface
economy which is if you run a business
and it's a small business, you're on the
surface economy. You don't have access
to capital. You don't have access to um
uh you know resources and you don't have
uh access to people. You don't have uh a
lot of wiggle room. So, you get your
money from credit cards, you get your
money from revenue, you get your money
maybe from the SBA, maybe from a, you
know, a bank loan. If you fail
uh on on a credit card, on a bank loan,
on an SBA loan to friends and family, it
is the scarlet letter. You are doomed.
Your credit is crushed because you
probably had to personal guarantee all
of that. you lose the respect of
vendors, of the community, of the bank,
of the credit cards, of the credit
agency, uh, and everything. But, but you
go down below into big business, right?
Or venture capital, you lo or
entertainment, you lose that money and
they're like, "Good job. I wrote a whole
big post on this, right? You I mean,
there's guys who can lose $200 million
to." So, if you lose if you lose
$300,000 on the surface economy,
>> right? You can't pay the SBA, Bank of
America, and some credit cards.
$300,000. you will not no one will ever
lend you a dollar again. You are just uh
you're you're set back
>> uh enormously. But uh you know there's
there's people lose $200 million in
venture capital. The we guy right lost
you know whatever it was a billion
dollars and so and it's not even
somebody else invested in the same
investors reinvested him like good job.
You you know you're super creative. You
know how to create these innovations.
We'll get it on the next one. It's It's
crazy how much we don't support the
smaller entrepreneurs who take the risk.
>> Yeah, for sure.
>> And we do support the crazy banana heads
who go full bonkers, right? Y
>> um and I think that can have a mental
health impact.
>> Yeah. Well, yeah. And it's it's
interesting especially uh the healthcare
aspect. It's those are the people that
are taking care of us, right? So, it's
not even just, you know, to your point,
hey, you built the, you know, working
space. All right, that has value, but
then it's how are we supporting the
people that are coming out of school
with already hundreds of thousands of
dollars in debt? So, two, three,
$400,000. And then they say, hey, I
actually want to be, I don't know, a
lunatic and open up my own practice. I
know nothing about business, but I want
to serve people. And then they get
hammered to your point. So, it's how how
are we really supporting them? And it's,
you know, I talked to these uh doctors.
Unfortunately, some of them are just, I
think, a little ignorant where they
just, hey, I open and people are going
to come see me and versus all I need
some marketing. I I actually have to
have a plan of action here of how I'm
going to build this practice and how I'm
going to grow it. But then there's
aspect of get out there and meet people.
To your point, it's I don't have access
to capital. It's you're a doctor who
know other doctors and other medical
professionals. Go network. That's
there's I think just people in general,
it's we've gotten away from connecting
and networking with other people. So,
when it's the question arise like where
do I find money? it's aren't you friends
with doctors and lawyers? Go go go talk
to that down and build those
relationships. And that's that's
definitely one of the things I've
learned over time when I was younger
that I didn't do that. And now that I've
gotten a more experienced and wiser,
part of it is just all right, I got to
expand my own network again to help
myself but to help people too. And
that's definitely one of the things that
people in that space can leverage is
just good solid relationships for people
who want to help them build something
that provides value to a community. We
had a medical device company uh come in
here and they needed like to raise 10 or
12 million dollars. So, we're going to
help them raise it. We're working on it
with them, working on the engagement,
trying to figure out uh you know what
was it, how long it would take to do it,
where to take the offering, what terms
were. They came in for another meeting
next week and they're like, "Yeah, we
raised $15 million."
A week ago, what? Sorry, I'm lost. Uh
they're like, "Yeah, we just went and
talked to a bunch of doctors at Scripts
and they loved it and they all came in
and they just like where I'm like I'm
like, "You don't have a subscription
agreement. You don't have uh you know,
you just have this crappy deck. You
don't have a pitch deck. Um you know,
you don't have the uh the you know, the
legal done." They're like, "Yeah, they
just wired us the money. We gave them
the account." I'm like, "Okay,
>> that's the power of having a good idea,
having relationships, and boots on the
ground."
>> Yeah. you know, when you're I think it
comes down to what are your re the
resources that you have, right? I I
think sometimes we think of resources as
a software
um or platform, whatever you want to
call it, but then it's all right, who's
in your life that you could use as
utilize as a resource and then just
making sure how are you, you know, for
for that company, it's what's the plan
to pay those people back. I think there
are plenty of instances where people
also raise money or they just use it for
investing maybe into a new business but
then there's no aspect of how do I pay
this person back and you see a lot of
people get burned. That's one of the
things that really definitely irritates
the hell out of me. It's there's no
concrete plan on how you're going to
give the investors their money back.
Some people just like to take it and
feel good that hey I'm a money raiser.
It's Yeah. Part of that is actually
giving it back too. Yeah, that that's a
huge part that I think people it's
interesting to say this, but they kind
of forget that last component.
>> So, I think if we round the corner of
this, if you invest in a small business,
it's right where we started. You're
investing in the person. Yeah. Because
you cannot sue a small business, um the
if they don't want to pay you, they're
not going to pay you. This is 100% on
the integrity of the person you invested
in. Uh it's there's there's so many
small businesses the people I know
invested in. They put $300,000 in the
business grew to eight or 12 million.
You're like success. Here's the problem.
$12 million business. You got eight or
$9 million of expenses, operating costs,
you know, loan payments. So there's $3
million left,
>> right? You own 20% of that business. Uh
and so ideally you would like uh of the
$3 million you'd like $600,000 you know
distribution but they're gonna you know
there's three of them or you know for
the four four of them who are insiders
of the company the CEO is going to get
paid $600,000
the marketing guy is going to get paid
um you know 350. So they're going to use
a million and a half in payroll which is
high but not crazy bananas for a $12
million company.
>> Correct. So now they're going to say,
"Okay, pay." What you want them to do is
take $120,000 pay, put the money into
into the distribution, and make the
money out of the distribution. They're
going to take the money at full pay as
if they were working at, you know, GE,
GM, Apple, some big company. Next,
they're going to load up with cars,
travel, laptops, phone, you know, all
that kind of stuff. That's going to eat
up another $400,000. So now out of the 3
million they're going to have uh you
know one 1.9 million there be 1.1
million you know left over to distribute
and then they're because they're taking
that 1.9 million as pay they're going to
be in that 1.1 million as distribution.
So, you own 20 25% of a $12 million
company and you're making that's that's
hugely profitable and you're getting
$200,000 a year. So then you're like,
let's sell this
so I can get, you know, so at $12
million, you know, all right, we're not
Apple, but we're worth uh we're making
$3 million in income.
>> Uh if we add back your salaries, okay,
we're worth eight against income. are
worth $24 million. I have $5 million
wrapped up in this company. Let's sell
it. And they're like, "Hey, this is a
cash cow. We're making two million bucks
a year and pay another uh $500 $600,000
in distribution. Why do we want to sell
it? We don't have anything else to do."
That's where most small company
investments end up. flooring company,
tiling company, roofing company,
construction company, a few medical
offices, real estate deal, real estate
development deal, you know, hockey ring,
you know, film studio, film. It's it's
all going to come back to the integrity
and values of the people that you're
investing in.
>> Yeah. Yeah. For sure. And I've Yeah.
I've talked about mistakes like I've
made some of those mistakes of not
necessarily having those I think the
biggest thing too is having the
conversations beforehand, right?
>> Oh, I see your mistakes and I raise you
a bigger mistake.
>> Yeah, I'm sure. Well, yeah. bigger
money, bigger mistakes, right? But I
mean, that's the thing, right? So, you
have to have the conversation. Um, and I
think part of it too is knowing
>> whether I call it a weakness or not, but
knowing that I'm very easily influenced,
you know? So, it's being able to go into
conversations and knowing my own
pattern. Yeah.
>> And I for people who are investing too,
it's all right. Does it take me five
conversations to be sold on something?
Does it take me one great conversation
with some information? And I think those
are things I actually did not know about
myself when I made some of those
investments that I know now that I would
I'm looking at the deal I'm like what
the hell was I thinking? But you know
again piece of advice my dad gave me
just learn from all your mistakes. And
he's like if you just you know you do
the right thing over in the long run
your mistakes are going to be nothing
compared to the win. So I'm like that's
the only way I could look at it. Or else
I could just look at it and just say
Jesus Christ I lost all that you know
all that money and my wife be unhappy
wife. But I'm like you got to learn from
it and make it better and better and
that's definitely what we have you have
to do. But just knowing what kind of
questions outside of vetting the person,
it's just what kind of questions do you
need to ask too that gives you an
insight.
>> Totally agree. I think uh as we you know
round the corner and wrap up for me my
takeaway from this conversation as I
think about it like I never really want
a partner uh because a partner
the partners that I think you gravitate
to are people you understand and they
sort of do the same thing you do and
it's just a mirror. Yeah.
>> You know you're like how do I look
today? Right. And that's what the
partner gives you is like, yeah, you
look good, right? But it's it's you
don't need a mirror. Uh so the partner I
have now and is the guy running, you
know, OK Stone Engineering. Uh we've
been friends since we were 13 years old.
For 40 years,
>> I was going to say so like 20 years.
>> Yeah, 42 years. Uh something like that.
Uh we're we're old and crusty. So, we've
been together for that long, but he he's
a good partner because he doesn't do
anything that I do. We have like 3%
overlap, right? He does operations,
supply chain, logistics. He goes to
three-hour meetings, you know, he could
do five meetings a day. I can't do that
stuff, but I write, I do the narratives,
you know, I do the video, uh, you know,
I get myself presentable, uh, you know,
for video, I I travel, I speak. He
doesn't do, you know, any of that
narrative stuff. He does heavy
operations. were great partners. And for
me, if I think about it deeper, the
great partner is somebody that you can
either knows your patterns or you can
tell your patterns and they have enough
seriousness in your life to stop you
from your selfharming patterns.
>> You need somebody to keep you
accountable. Yeah. Right. So if you
don't have that um that ability to have
a partnership and maybe it's just
yourself. I mean even in the you know
consulting coaching world it's part of
it too right? It's I got everything
under control versus all right maybe
somebody can come in and see the stuff
that is not really present to me because
I have some weaknesses or some blind
spots or just terrible at some things
like maybe I'm horrible at marketing and
or I'm horrible at call it is leadership
or I have no growth plan. Being able to
have somebody compliment you if you
don't have the ability to have somebody
say if you don't have leadership you
don't have a growth plan in your back of
a company.
>> You need a really good you need a really
good partner.
>> Yes, you do. You'd be surprised though,
right? Like you go in it's like so we
growing how we doing this like I don't
know. We're just kind of showing up day
by day and praying and hoping for the
best. But yeah, that's part of it too is
you see you do see a lot of companies
they they want to hire the same person,
right? It's just get all those get all
those alphas. Believe me, I want to hire
myself, you know, so I know how to talk
to that person. I know how that person
thinks. Uh I know how to manage that
person. I know how to motivate them. I
know what to pay them. I know to
evaluate their work. I know how to help
them out. So, it's easier, right? It's
easier to manage, going back to people,
it's easier to manage those kind of
individuals, even if it's a partner
versus, all right, they they contradict
me or they, you know, they come at me
with they challenge me. It's well again
are we predicated on growth or we
predicated on ego and making ourselves
feel good that we just say we run a
company versus running a profitable
company that pays people back and is
actually helping us grow and develop. So
that's definitely a huge thing and in my
own partner same way we really have
different strengths and weaknesses that
we just both like thank god we know each
other and play off each other so well
and that really is important versus just
all right we're all the same and just
how we identifying what we're not good
at. Um, but that's like I said, it's one
of the the points that I try to make
when we work with you even some doctors
or individuals have a very certain
personality of just you need another
person to look at the business through a
different lens to help you see what's
available to you.
>> For sure. I mean, in my case, it's
really really really hard to find
something I'm not good at, but but you
it takes like a week. Yeah. Very deep
analysis. Deep analysis. Uh, we'll be
bringing a couple people. No. Uh, super
easy. Uh and then and then so last thing
tell us about your the the consulting
business you're doing and like how do
the doctors that you work with uh what
consulting do they need
>> that that you know you provide to help
them get into their
>> I mean you know when we look at the two
biggest challenges in healthcare right
now really are decreased the challenges
with insurance so they're making less
money from reimbursements and they're
getting a lot more denials. So overall
in I find in um healthcare very
interesting that it's one of the few
businesses that somebody else determines
how much you should get paid for the
service that you provide. It's really
interesting. U but they're making less
revenue on that end and a lot of the
solutions they come up with is the same
which is we just got to see more
patients or if you're in a hospital
system it's get them out quicker so we
can get more people in. So that's one
and then burnout amongst all employees
and even themselves as the owner. So
really the two big two biggest things
are number one helping them identify how
to increase revenue without having to
jam in a crapload of patients and how to
not turn your clinic or a hospital into
just a mill. So it's showing them some
growth opportunities. And then the other
aspect when we talked about leadership
and culture, it's just really it's not
really about having great leaders per
se, but it's also how do we have the
right systems in place to actually
reduce the amount of unnecessary work
that goes in and healthcare is so
ridiculous when it comes to unnecessary
tasks. Even just on the patient side of
it, like the patient journey from
calling a doctor to being seen by a
doctor, there's so many steps that are
just really unnecessary and it adds a
lot of undo work. So when we talk about
increasing productivity and increasing
efficiency, these are some of the things
that a lot of offices and clinics are
not really looking at when they're
trying to adjust uh address burnout.
It's just well, we need you know better
work life balance or work less hours and
it's just that's not feasible. even work
life balance. I I don't want to get into
that so much, but I just don't think
that actually uh exists per se. It's
just creating the right kind of
environment where you get the best out
of employees. And that's where a lot of
people, a lot of organizations don't
really operate off of. So, it's just,
hey, we're all burned out, retired, but
let's just get more patience and hope
for the best. And then more people quit.
And then the people who are very
altruistic that stay on, they're just
saying, I don't know how I'm supposed to
work 70, 80 hours a week, not see my
family. I don't even maybe own this
place so I'm not even getting the
benefits but I'm getting the negative
effects of it
>> and the patients are mad at them
unnecessarily like I take a medication a
tovvisatin which is a you know
cholesterol statin it really helped out
>> and so we're going away and um I called
the pharmacy and I'm like hey I'm out
and they're like yeah your refill is in
for another week. I'm like, "Okay, well,
I'm going away for seven days, so give
me seven." And they're like, "We can't
do that. We'll give you one." Right? I'm
like, "Well, okay. This is not a
controlled substance, right? I'm not I'm
not going to the high school and selling
it, right? Because I only get $2 for
it." No,
>> I'm not doing anything with it. Like,
hey, you know what I'm doing with this?
I'm taking it. Right. And by the way,
you know, I visited like Walgreens on NC
Boulevard. Like, I've been going there
for three years, but every 30 days I
take the same thing. They won't give me
the the pharmacist won't give me seven.
So, um
>> I'm like, "Hey, just call the
>> the doctor and ask for my early refill."
And they're they're like, "Oh, you're up
on your year, so you have to come in and
get an appointment as I'm heading out of
town for a vacation." Yeah. Like for a
non-controlled substance, like the most
other than like a lollipop, it's the
least medical that you can get. You
know, maybe, you know, an Advil or a CL.
>> That's the that actually pisses me
off. Bananas.
>> The people who pay the consequences, not
just the employees. It's the trickle
down effect is to patient care. So you
have crappy systems that affect patients
getting in or making it really easy and
then those crappy systems affect the
employees. So it's just it's such a
trickle down effect that these
organizations don't really think of.
It's you're really affecting the
community because you're not taking the
time to make your office I mean we're
almost in 2026 and a lot of these
offices are running like the year 2000
with their systems or lack thereof. So
it's being able to just really go in
look how to improve systems. And I think
there is this aspect in medicine where
some clinics just you look at the
patient like you guys need us. So we
don't spend a lot of time on making it
better for you and improving the system.
So we really go in there, you know, it's
just I'll make your ass wait an hour in
the waiting room and you'll be fine with
it versus knowing even the numbers and
the stats that show how many people
won't go back because you make them wait
that long. So that we take it for
granted. So it's being able to go in
there creating some better systems 2026
systems. Yeah. And then just how are we
growing this company if year after year
the pattern as you said is we're making
less money. So how do we supplement that
versus just getting more and more
people?
>> I have a provider and he thinks that
selling you know vitamins or protein or
anything is it I'm like just I want you
to sell it to me. Yeah.
>> Right. I want you to make money because
I want your choice cuz he knows me. Yes.
He's a physical therapy. He knows me. He
knows my body. He knows I see him twice
a week. I want him to sell vitamins and
protein powder because whatever he
recommends, I believe in because I trust
him. He's honest. Uh he's hardworking.
He's forthright. You know, he's a family
guy. Like anything he says, if he tells
me to stand on my hand and light my feet
on fire, I will do it because he saved
my life, right? And he doesn't uh you
know, but he he doesn't add that to his
business.
>> I don't like to sell. Yeah, I know.
>> He doesn't want to sell. Yes, give me
your So, he recommends stuff and I can
go buy it from someone else. Makes no
sense.
>> That's the kind of stuff. It's just
Yeah, you bring it the stuff that you're
sending out. Bring it in. But they look
at sales as like ah it's kind of creepy,
but uh you know, I think it was uh Dean
Graiosce like perfect line like selling
is service. That's it. Like selling
equals service to the person. That would
have flipped that flip such a switch for
me back in when I was younger. Like if
you're not adding that value to the
person, how are you actually really
helping them to your maximum ability?
a million%. So, so I see why that if
you're a doctor, call Daniel. He has the
If you're a doctor looking at you, call
Daniel. Let him spring your business up.
I had a spine surgery from a crossfit
injury. Sounds worse than it is. Well,
no, it doesn't.
>> It's my surgery.
>> Horrible. It's freaking horrible.
>> You have people out there who are like,
I'm on my sixth surgery, still trying to
get pain relief. So they give they gave
me a medication called blephin which is
like a little bit of a muscle relaxer.
Uh my first year after surgery they give
you a small amount they give you like 12
tablets right so over the course of a
year
I used seven. Okay. So like every once
in a while flared up and I took like a
quarter of the tablet.
>> Pretty good. If you Google blephin like
abuse on Reddit and everything, people
be like, "Yeah, I'm up to 30 a day,
right? I use seven over a year." And
they'll also and also they'll be like,
"How do you get high on this shit?" Cuz
it's not something you can get high on.
They're like, "I have to mix it with
like eight balls and uh you know, and
vodka to get high on it because it it's
a it's a muscle. It's not a um I don't
know the medical term.
>> It's just not for pain relief. It's just
simply really to help your muscles
relax.
>> It doesn't give you I don't know. I
haven't taken, but according to Reddit,
just asking for a friend. Yeah. But
according to Reddit,
>> uh, you know, it just doesn't give you a
high.
>> Yeah. Different different, you know,
stuff.
>> It is, but it is a control system. So, I
call my doctor and I go, "Hey, uh, this
one expired, you know, can I get another
like I don't know, 10. Huge crisis. You
have to come in." I'm like, "Hey, man. I
have a pretty good record of using seven
blein in a year where like people are
using 10 20 a day." uh you know to
manage condition not exactly abusing
this stuff and uh just a huge ordeal to
get another 10 back um and um I had a
friend who just so many so many stories
so his wife had spine surgery different
from mine but uh she was on Percoet I
also had from the surgery like a whole
bottle of Percoet you know was like you
know 12 or 15 or whatever I didn't take
any of them um you know I didn't need it
just it was just laser endoscopic
surgery so he's like hey man do you have
from your surgery. My wife, we went on
vacation. She doesn't have any. Do you
uh have any perks? I'm like, "Yeah, I
have my leftover. I'll FedEx it to you."
He's like, "Great. How many are there?"
I'm like, "I have 12." Right? He goes,
"Yeah, keep them." Right?
>> He's like, "That's a half a day for
her."
>> Oh my god.
>> So, you see so many different sides of
the system uh that that doesn't work for
anybody. Uh but the doctors need to
learn how to make money for themselves.
>> You got to make Yeah. And honestly, you
got to make it easy, right? I mean, I
haven't been to the doctor. I mean,
emergency stuff aside, you know, you
colds and this and that, but other than
that, like, can we just do a tele t
tele? And there's Yeah, even things like
that where a doctor like, I could easily
just see you for two minutes over the
computer, not have you drive maybe half
an hour to see me and then you pay the
same copay. That's also the kind of
mentality I don't think they understand
this where people just they question
medicines like, "Are you just bringing
me in for my $40 co-ay? You couldn't
just talk to me over the phone and tell
me the same shit?"
>> You get the same thing. You haven't been
in for your annual. I'm like, "Anyway,
we're we're into the whole thing. Let's
let's not get into solving every problem
in the medical
>> creating efficiencies and you know
working on you know improving the system
for the patients too. That's really you
improve that and that's all really what
a lot of offices don't also realize too
is you actually improve your brand when
you do things like that is a lot of
people opening just cashbased practices.
It's easier for them as the practitioner
but it's also I can provide better
service which elevates their brand.
That's what a lot of offices don't they
never think about their own brand.
They're like we're the same as everybody
else. Well, everybody else makes them
wait an hour and everybody else makes
them come into the office for their
pills that, you know, they haven't even
used over the course of a year. So,
let's just do the same thing versus how
about we do things a little bit
differently and really elevate ourselves
amongst everybody else in the community.
>> Yes. Awesome. Daniel, thank you for
being here.
>> Thank you for having me, Orin.
>> The game of medicine.
>> Yes.
>> For today.
>> Look, it's a game of money, too. If
you're not making money, you're not
staying open to help patients.
>> I love it. All right. We don't have
sponsors other than me. Otherwise, we'd
be like, "Hey, thank you, Microsoft.
Thank you, Hyundai. Thank you, uh, GM
for I'd like to give a lot of thanks to
uh, Pepsi and M&M's, Coca-Cola, and
NASCAR, but it's just thank you for
coming here. Thank me for paying for
everything. Awesome. Thanks for being
here.
>> Thanks for having me. Yeah. Awesome.